Brother Tianze
Xiaoya is alright
I'm leaving stop
I didn't expect you to really
So I'm pretty well off.
Do you think it's so easy to take Xiaoya away?
The auction process complies with the rules
Why can't I take Song Xiaoya away?
Can you take him away?
Then kneel down and knock 100 lines for Ben Shao
Shout out another 100 times for grandpa's life
Xiaoyao Tianzi
You remember
Sooner or later, you will destroy the Xiao family
Make you pay for what you did today
This kid often goes against his will
It's over. It's over.
The Son of Heaven is angry
All things return to old age
What are you?
How dare you tell me that
I asked you to let it go until now.
I didn't kill you.
It's that I make you feel hopeless
Despair and die slowly
Somebody break his legs for me